[AUDIENCE cheering]
[AUDIENCE chanting]
Kuromu! Kuromu!
-Kuromu! Kuromu!
-[gasps softly]
-Right.
-[AUDIENCE] Kuromu! Kuromu!
-[KUROMU] Let's do this, Kuromu.
-[gasps]
[cheering]
[KUROMU]
Hey, guys. How you doing?
I'm so psyched to be here.
Now let's have a blast.
What do you guys say?
[MAN]
Kuromu!
[cheering]
[IRUMA, ASMODEUS AND CLARA]
"Dem-dol Kuromu."
Extra. Extra.
-[SCHNEIDER] What the devi?
-[IRUMA] Huh?
-[JAZZ] What in the...
-What's that?
Take a look.
It's a special issue
commemorating your promotion,
Iruma sir.
[gasps]
You're kidding!
Oh, someone did take my picture.
[CLARA] Here. One for you,
and one for you.
Oh, we have enough extras,
why not take one home
as a gift to the chair demon?
[gasps]
That's alright, really.
I'm sure he already
snagged a copy.
-[LEAD] Wow.
-Huh?
You're legit famous, Iruma.
They gave you better coverage
than Kuromu.
Kuro who?
What?! Are you freakin'
kidding me right now?
The article below yours.
"The Dem-dol Kuromu Holds
Her Day-to-Night Concert.
This is the First Concert
at Makubari Dome."
Dem-dol, yeah.
What? You don't know
that either?
-It cannot be helped!
-[gasps]
Master Iruma has led
a very sheltered life
with the chair demon
ever since he was young,
so he couldn't possibly know
all the ways of the world.
Use your head.
[IRUMA] Ah, he thinks
that's reason I'm clueless.
[ASMODEUS]
So, the origin of "dem-dol"
is "take evil."
It is a very important role
in demon society.
-[ALL] Hmm.
-[IRUMA] Oh.
All demons have
a period of stress
in which they desire to commit
violent or sadistic actions.
We call this the "evil cycle."
[DEMON]
I wanna be bad. Let me be bad.
[ASMODEUS] In order to keep
that evil cycle in check,
there are many
healthy alternative forms
of entertainment
in the netherworld.
Basically, the best way
to instantly relieve our stress
is to play sports
or video games.
[growls, snickers]
[DEMON]
So much better.
Dem-dols are one of those
forms of entertainment, also.
By gathering many demons
into one venue
and holding a performance,
those evil thoughts
turn into excitement
and generates positive energy.
[cheering]
[moaning in relief]
And because of this,
popular dem-dols
are received warmly
here in the netherworld.
[IRUMA]
Oh.
Among them all,
Kuromu's our greatest hope.
She's an incredible performer.
Her voice is the dreamiest,
and best of all she's cute!
[singing in Japanese]
Look! See that? She's amazing.
-[GOEMON] Cutie.
-She's the cutest!
You too?
[LEAD] Her Day-to-Night Concert
is today.
I'd kill to be there.
Uh...
The noon performance
is about to start
at Makubari Dome.
And don't worry, it's going
to be streamed live as well.
I'll be waiting.
[ALL]
So cute!
[GOEMON]
Super devi cute.
[CAMUI] I try to get into
her concerts all the time!
The 666-Magnification power
is too much to handle.
Man. I devi wanna go.
Whenever she goes on tour,
tickets tend to sell out
almost immediately.
They're sold via lottery,
and if you're really lucky,
you might even get
to meet her in person.
[IRUMA]
Whoa.
Yeah, he's right.
Sometimes there's
a meet-and-grate with Kuromu
after the concert.
A meet-and-greet?
No! Look, it's
written like this.
Meet-and-grate, see?
It's a dreamy event where we can
grate away our stress
just by holding Kuromu's hand,
if fortune should smile upon us.
[giggles]
Nice to meet you.
Yeah, it's, uh,
nice to meet you, too.
I want to thank you
for always supporting me.
I'm so deeply moved. Devi.
[gasps]
[LEAD]
Yeah, totally.
And she's famous
for her cuticle exchanges, too.
[IRUMA]
Cute exchanges?
[LEAD]
No, it's "cuticle."
[KUROMU groans]
You'd better come see me again,
or I'll curse you.
Got it? Hmph.
[GOEMON]
So cute. So devi freaking cute!
I gotta see her play
with her hair again!
Oh, so it is "cuticle."
-[chuckles]
-[chiming]
[ALL]
Huh?
[BARAKI over PA]
Hello, Iruma Suzuki,
from the Misfit Class. Iruma.
Come to the broadcast room
immediately.
I repeat. Iruma Suzuki
from the Misfit Class.
-I wonder what's up.
-As do I.
[BARAKI]
Please come to...
I'll be right back, okay?
-Me, too. Me, too!
-I shall accompany you.
[ALL]
Later, you guys.
Hope you're excited
about the upcoming live stream
of the Makubari Dome show.
[sighs] She's devi cute.
Let's all listen
to her new song.
I've got some great speakers
you could borrow for a price.
Hurry, the live stream
is starting.
[GOEMON]
I'm devi-hyped.
I hope you guys watch.
Devi, devi.
[KUROTSUNO]
And, we're clear.
[BOTH]
That was awesome as always.
-[KEROLI sighs]
-You were great, really.
-Perfect.
-Thanks, I appreciate it.
Here.
Oh. That's really
thoughtful of you.
I've gotta say,
you have guts, Kuromu.
This is huge.
Makubari Dome
is one of the biggest,
most top-shelf venues
in the netherworld.
The concerts that have been
in this holy land
are basically legendary.
You gonna be okay?
Are you nervous?
I'm totally fine.
My first dome show.
I am gonna rock this thing.
[BOTH gasp sharply]
[BOTH] So cute. So cute.
So cute. So cute!
-Cutie!
-The cutest!
[KUROMU]
I'm eager to work with you
for the rest of the day.
Please excuse me.
[ALL gasping]
[KUROMU sighs]
There we go. Ah.
[grunts softly]
[sighs]
I got too loose
during the morning show.
[sighs in relief]
I'm definitely most comfortable
when I look like this.
I mean, it's the same at school.
Also...
[gasps]
My tummy! It's exposed! [gasps]
[whimpers]
I don't know
if I'll ever get used to this.
I'll be waiting.
That finger pose,
it's so contrived.
I've never been so embarrassed.
Maybe I should spend more time
looking into better poses.
On the bright side,
I do still have the noon
and night shows coming up.
Actually, a more calculated pose
might be just what I need.
[clears throat]
I'm Kuromu,
your devi-fav dem-dol.
My impish beam will shoot
right through your heart.
I'll take the bad feelings
and make 'em fly away.
My bare skin, I'm so exposed!
My brain's gonna melt!
[whimpers]
This is way too calculated.
Why do I keep saying "devi"?
I can't, I can't, I can't,
I can't, I can't, I can't...
[heavy breathing]
But I have to give it my all.
My job is to be a dem-dol.
After all I'm so...
so unbelievably cute
it's unreal.
[groans uncomfortably]
[KEROLI'S MOM]
Yes. Wonderful job, honey.
Great. You worked really hard.
You did even better
than the last time.
[KEROLI] I never stood a chance
against my siblings at home.
They always got
a "good job" from Mom,
but since my magic
is only average,
and I'm so awkward,
I got "work harder."
I had to get back at them.
[indistinct chatter]
And that was when I realized...
[chatter continues]
Wherever I went,
all sound seemed to disappear
because everyone would
stop and look in awe
when I passed by.
I didn't even
need to say anything
for people to shower me
with affection.
[groans]
Even if I messed up
or appeared weak,
no one made fun of me.
They were actually kind.
Outta the way.
[KEROLI chuckles, grunts]
[gasps]
Hmm?
Uh, I'm sorry, sir.
[laughs]
-Huh?
-[DEMON] Hmm.
[KEROLI]
My ability is to counter malice
with benign cuteness.
It was then I realized
that being adorable
can totally beat violence.
That's why I chose
to be a dem-dol,
where being cute matters.
To get back at my family
and show them I matter.
Even though it's embarrassing,
I'm still giving it everything
I've got out there.
And yet... [grunts]
After all my hard work,
why the heck are you standing
out more than me, Iruma?!
I-ru-ma!
My concert ad,
my new song announcement.
You keep stealing the
front-page headlines from me.
The school paper
has to put the students first.
I know it's responsible
journalism, but still.
There's...
there's never been anyone
who got the front page
over my cuteness.
Not ever.
But if everyone knew
I was a student at Babyls,
I know I'd take the front page.
Because I'm the one and only...
Kuromu.
[screams]
One and only, one and only...
[MAL] Just what do you
think you're doing?
[gasps]
I thought I told you
not to use your ice powers.
They'll figure out who you are.
You're right, Mal. I'm so sorry.
Really, your noon show
is about to start.
Now go and get ready.
[gasps] Yes, ma'am.
Get a grip, Keroli.
Today's concert
is really important.
[cheering]
I've been keeping myself
at the lowest rank at school
so I won't stand out.
After I graduate,
I'm going to expand my horizons
and rise straight to Het rank.
Then I'll exceed
my mother's rank of Zayin.
That's the goal
I'm striving for.
Who cares about Iruma?
I've gotta be strong,
I can't let him get to me.
[cheering]
Hey, guys. How are you doin'?
[giggles]
Yes, I'm going to
stand at the top
of the dem-dol world.
Okay. Now it's time
to blow the roof off.
[AUDIENCE cheering]
♪
[singing in Japanese]
[AUDIENCE cheering]
Thank you. You're the best.
[gasps]
[grunts in anger]
Iruma!
Why the heck are you here?!
♪
[NARRATOR] A few hours earlier,
Iruma and the others
were summoned by the
broadcasting battler president,
Baraki Bathin.
Awesome.
I'm glad all three of you
ended up coming together.
Here, I've got
something for you.
-[IRUMA] Huh?
-[CLARA] Oh?
[IRUMA] Wait. These are
concert tickets for Kuromu,
that super popular dem-dol.
My family's friends
with one of the sponsors,
so we managed to
finagle a few extra tickets.
Wow.
But then, after I told them
we won the grand prize
at the Battler Party,
they said we could help
with the concert itself,
which is pretty much
the best prize ever.
Ohh! I'm so honored.
Oh. Thank you.
The point is,
the leftover tickets
might've gone to waste.
[sighs] No one
would've been shocked
if your battler had won
the grand prize,
so this is our way
of making it up to you, 'kay?
[ALL]
Oh.
Thank you, that's so nice.
[indistinct chatter]
[ANNOUNCER]
Please make sure to collect
all your belongings
before you leave.
Dem-dols are rather enjoyable,
I must say.
-Yeah.
-Yeah!
I'm not done cheering yet,
I could go forever!
Okay, let's go thank Baraki
and then head back.
Um, excuse me,
but are you Iruma?
[CLARA]
Huh?
Uh, yeah, that's me.
[BOTH]
Then, congratulations!
[gasps] Just me?
So that's what happened, and how
we ended up at the concert.
Honestly, to not only
win a ticket,
but to also see you in person,
it's unreal to say the least.
Well, I guess
you must be really lucky.
But, but why Iruma
of all people?
Yeah, it was a big a surprise,
not to mention I've never
been patted down
five times in a row before.
Wow, you don't say.
This is the worst!
Did he just brag
about being popular?
Do the upperclassmen
like him, too?
[chuckles]
[chuckles forcefully]
[IRUMA gasps]
So, it's true.
At our school, he really is...
[gasps]
...more popular than me?!
[wind whistling]
[groans]
So cold!
[gasps] Oh, uh... Whoopsie.
The climate control's
broken in here.
[shudders] Oh, is that so?
[KUROMU]
That was close.
There'd be total chaos
if he found out
I was actually his classmate
this whole time.
Oh.
Anyway, so, Kuromu,
you're working as a dem-dol
while still
going to school, right?
Uh... Uh, yeah.
That's incredible,
especially with such a hard job.
Um, yes, that's right.
Obviously. I'm super popular!
I have a morning TV show shoot,
then after recording
or even in between classes,
I have dance lessons,
piano lessons,
and voice training.
After school,
I have magazine interviews.
Then there are rehearsals
and meetings for my concerts.
Plus, there's homework,
memorizing new songs,
fan letters,
practicing autographs,
-skin care routine...
-All of that?
Wow. I'm super impressed.
Yeah, right?
It's what us pros do.
And you go to school, too.
[gasps]
There's nothing important
in here. [chuckles nervously]
Crap. That was so braggadocious.
My class schedule is in here.
Why would I do that?
Doesn't look like he figured...
it... out?!
[gasps]
-[panting]
-[IRUMA gasps]
Iruma, what would you
say to some tea?
Wha... You know
my name? But how?
[KUROMU gasping and grunting]
It's Iruberto von
Malkundooff Tea.
Also known as Iruma tea.
You want some?
Ir-Iruma... I, uh, well, uh...
Hey, how about I make the tea?
That sound good?
Don't bother. I'll do it myself.
-[glass shatters]
-Whoa! Are you okay?
-Just stay out.
-[IRUMA] Stay out?
[KUROMU]
You heard me, stay out.
[IRUMA]
No, really, I don't mind.
[KUROMU]
What are you doing?
I don't need your help.
[BOTH panting]
Um, I really
should get going now.
Uh... Oh, sure.
[sighs deeply]
He didn't figure it out.
-But that was way too close.
-[door opens]
Well, see you back at school.
'Kay, see ya.
Not so fast, bub!
[IRUMA shivering]
It-it's... it's so cold.
[KEROLI sobbing]
I can't believe it.
All that hard work and he
figured me out, just like that.
If people find out,
they'll freak,
and my reputation will be shot.
[groaning]
Which means
I can't let him get away.
So, um, how did you
figure it out?
The fact that
I'm your classmate.
Keroli Crocell?
Oh, well, your hands.
Huh?
Honestly, I thought it was
just a little bit strange
that someone as shy
and introverted as you
was placed
in the Misfit Class with us.
You'd always
roll your hands into fists
and tuck your thumbs in.
I thought that was unique.
And today, you held your hand
the same way on stage,
so I thought, maybe...
Besides, there was your planner,
and also the ice.
And your glasses.
That kinda clinched it.
[KEROLI sighs, groans]
[gong tolling]
[KEROLI]
How could I be so careless?
But it's weird
he noticed my hands.
These are super
detection-warding glasses.
They're a specialty item
that have the power
to conceal me
from any other demon.
Of course,
even if I put them on,
fifty one percent of my charm
still inevitably seeps through.
Hmm.
Anyway, unless someone paid
constant attention to me,
they shouldn't be able
to catch that.
[gasps] I get it. That means...
I, uh...
[KUROMU]
Yeah, he has to be.
So, I...
[KUROMU]
No doubt about it.
He's a huge fan!
I'm really jealous of you.
Huh?
You don't stand out one bit,
which is completely amazing.
It's like you're here,
but also not.
You're like
the wallflower of wallflowers.
Me? I always standing out
without meaning to.
So, I... I wanna be like you!
Someone who can fade
into the background and vanish.
[gasps]
Without meaning to?
[squeals]
So you're standing out
without trying?
[whimpering]
You're trouncing my desperate
need to stand out,
and you don't even
want the limelight
you've been given?
-[whimpering]
-No. No way.
I cannot accept that!
[yells] If that's true,
what in the world am I?
This isn't real, it's not.
Please calm down.
I will never admit defeat.
[weakly]
Not now... or ever.
[groans]
[gasps]
Kuromu?
Uh...
Hey, wake up.
[groans weakly]
[gasps] She's got a fever.
Uh, someone!
Please wake up, Kuromu.
Kuromu!
[labored breathing]
I need help here!
Su... Ki... Ma.
What is all this stuff?
-You try it, too.
-Huh?
♪ Devi, devi, she's so cute ♪
♪ Ku-ro-mu ♪
That's not happening!
It'll make Iruma-kins happy
if us three do it together.
[ASMODEUS grunts]
♪ Devi, devi, she's so cute,
it's Ku-ro-mu... ♪
[NARRATOR] And then,
merely ten minutes later,
Asmodeus had mastered the moves.
[KEROLI]
Iruma!
How dare you stand out
more than me? Hmph.
The way I got mad
just now was so cute.
I can't help it, though,
since I'm really just that cute.
Next time, "Sparkling Shock."
I swore I'd be a dem-dol
who outshines everyone else.
Iruma, your days
of outdoing me are over.
I'll do whatever it takes,
so don't count me out yet.
♪